GALLERY CAPTIONS

Paragraphs for images from left to right

(PARA)We blend mocha sauce and Frappuccino® chips with coffee, milk and ice, then top it off with whipped cream and a mocha drizzle to bring you endless java joy.


(PARA)This blend of sweetened premium matcha green tea, milk and ice—topped off with sweetened whipped cream—inspires a delicious boost and good green vibes.


(PARA)In 2020 Starbucks committed to a resource-positive future, formalizing environmental goals to cut its carbon, water, and waste footprints by half.


(PARA)As a progression against those goals, the company commits to Carbon Neutral Green Coffee and to conserve water usage in green coffee processing by 50%, both by 2030.


(PARA)Ring in the cheer, the holidays are here! And no matter where you are in the world, you can enjoy the festive flavors of the holidays at Starbucks. 


(PARA)In everything we do, we are always dedicated to Our Mission: to inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time.


(PARA)Nearly all of Starbucks’ efforts these days appear to be focused on the takeout customer. The company is adding more drive-thrus and pickup stores and taking steps to improve speed of service as business shifted even more dramatically toward customers who take their coffee with them.


(PARA)“Our aspiration is to become resource positive — storing more carbon than we emit, eliminating waste, and providing more clean freshwater than we use,” Johnson, wrote in a letter posted Tuesday.


(PARA)Atmosphere: Every time you walk into a Starbucks, you know you will be greeted with a smile and a friendly attitude.


(PARA)Dark, rich espresso lies in wait under a smoothed and stretched layer of thick milk foam. An alchemy of barista artistry and craft.


(PARA)Espresso shots topped with hot water create a light layer of crema culminating in this wonderfully rich cup with depth and nuance. Pro Tip: For an additional boost, ask your barista to try this with an extra shot.


(PARA) Starbucks identified key areas in which it can make big impacts by 2030, including expanding plant-based and environmentally friendly menu options; shifting from single-use to reusable packaging; investing in innovative agricultural, water conservation and reforestation practices.


(PARA) Over the years, the company has partnered with other organizations and invested in ways to bring sustainable practices to scale, including the Starbucks FoodShare program, NextGen Cup Challenge, becoming a leader in L.E.E.D. (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) stores, investments in renewable energy and a goal to eliminate plastic straws by the end of 2020.


(PARA)Buttery, moist, coffee cake swirled with a cinnamon-sugar blend and finished with a crunchy streusel topping.
- VEGETARIAN


(PARA)Here's some good news for you chocolate-cookie fans: Starbucks has come up with the new Cookies and Cream Cheesecake, a dense and creamy creation with a cookie crust, crushed Oreo cookies, and a cookies-and-cream frosting on top.


(PARA)


(PARA)


(PARA)
